# cohesity_sdk.AccessTokenApi


Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**create_access_token**](AccessTokenApi.md#create_access_token) | **POST** /access-tokens | Create a new API access token


# **create_access_token**
> AccessTokenResponse create_access_token(body)

Create a new API access token

This access token SDK is only used if you want to explicitly obtain a token. You don't need to obtain and store a token to call other methods using the SDK. Once you create a client object, you can directly call other SDK methods.

Without SDK, before making other REST API requests, your REST client must make a 'POST /public/accesstoken' request with a valid Cohesity username and password. This POST request returns an access token and type in the response that is generated by the Cohesity Cluster. Subsequent requests to other Cohesity REST API operations must specify the returned access token and type by setting 'Authorization' in the http header in the following format:  Authorization: token_type access_token  The generated token is valid for 24 hours. If a request is made with an expired token, the 'Token expired' error message is returned. Add code to your REST client to check for this error and request another access token before reissuing the request.

### Example

* Api Key Authentication (TokenHeader):
```python
from cohesity_sdk import HeliosClient
from pprint import pprint

cluster_vip = "0.0.0.0"
password = "password"
username = "username"
domain = "LOCAL"
access_cluster_id = 1 # int | This field uniquely represents a Cohesity Cluster and is used for making on-prem calls from Helios. (optional)
region_id = "regionId_example" # str | This field uniquely represents a region and is used for making Helios calls to a specific region. (optional)

client = HeliosClient(cluster_vip, username, password, domain, access_cluster_id=access_cluster_id, region_id=region_id)

try:
	# Generate an Access Token.
	api_response = client.__get_token()
	pprint(api_response)
except openapi_client.ApiException as e:
	print("Exception when calling AccesTokenApi->create_access_token: %s\n" % e)
```


### Parameters

Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **body** | [**CreateAccessTokenRequestParams**](CreateAccessTokenRequestParams.md)| Specifies the parameters to generate an access token |
 **access_cluster_id** | **int**| This field uniquely represents a Cohesity Cluster and is used for making on-prem calls from Helios. | [optional]
 **region_id** | **str**| This field uniquely represents a region and is used for making Helios calls to a specific region. | [optional]

### Return type

[**AccessTokenResponse**](AccessTokenResponse.md)

### Authorization

[APIKeyHeader](../README.md#APIKeyHeader)

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: application/json
 - **Accept**: application/json


### HTTP response details
| Status code | Description | Response headers |
|-------------|-------------|------------------|
**201** | Success |  -  |
**0** | Error |  -  |

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

